{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 02/23/2020: Deployed app to my iphone7.  App runs but some features not functioning.\
Renewed my Apple Developer account and archived several devices which prevented deploy on my iphone.\
\
Still no output from Realm.  Consider reviewing the Realm part of course.\
\
IMPORTANT: upgraded my iphone to IOS 13.2 as the app build did not support IOS12.\
\
App build is for Swift 4.2\
\
Final test run today revealed errors with PACE variable.\
\
IMPORTANT: I disabled Allow Simulation in the Location Settings since running on actual IOS device.\
END:\
\
\
  02042020\
Made very good progress today.  Successfully deployed on iphone7 but pace and duration do not work (yet).  Also removed and reinstalled Realm Pods.\
Noticed the line of code to output the Realm data was commented out.  So finally getting Realm output to console.  \
\
Resumed testing in Simulator until device issue resolved.\
\
Next continue setting up the Run Log VC to display results there instead of console.\
\
UPDATE: Tried running on iphone7 and now getting Realm data from phone in console but pace and duration does not work\
END\
\
0208/2020: Added output to the logVC but my cell output seems too small.  Test on other phone simulator firs then consider adjusting for consistancy"  Start next lesson for previous run output to the primary VC\
\
\
02/10/2010\
Added the Last Run View with output; however, I am not getting any Realm Data for my last run.  Also I have a bug whereby when the simulator first runs, my runs do not show in the LogVC until I restart the Simlator.\
\
02/11/2020\
Resolved the LasstRun not showing.  Still have the bug whereby simulator not loading a new run initially.\
Started the polyline overlay for location on map by adding a list of Realm objects for locations.  No data shows because we need to perform Realm Configurations whenever adding or modifying a Realm model\
\
\
02/12/2020\
Completed the Realm config lesson in lesson 17 and began adding the polyline overlay lesson.  Continue with adding the polyline overlay\
\
02/15/2020\
\
Finished adding the last run polyline but I am not getting the polyline overlay.  Review the lesson to see why. Then continue to next lesson.\
}